readme.md, before:

# gulp-sqippy

Gulpified [sqip](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sqip) that allows full customization of sqip's existing options, and adds a few more. It creates a new SVG file in the stream, named the same as the source (with ".svg" extension, of course).

`sqip` seems to be a work in progress, but it's a cool package that creates SVG impressions of pixel images. Find the right balance between the mode, blur and primitives count, and you get a nice, small LQIP (low quality image placeholder). The default options below make a good placeholder image, but you could make it even smaller by reducing the primitives.

## The (optional) options are

- **primitives** - number of primitives a.k.a. the shapes that make up the image (integer, default is 20)
- **blur** - blur factor (numeric, default is 10)
- **mode** - mode code (defined below, default is 5)
- **prependName** - text to prepend to the front of the new SVG filename (string)
- **appendName** - text to append to the end of the new SVG filename (string)
- **includeSource** - also pass the source image file through in the stream (boolean, default is false)

### Mode specifies the base shape for primitives. The mode codes are

- 0 - combo
- 1 - triangle
- 2 - rectangle
- 3 - ellipse
- 4 - circle
- 5 - rotated rectangle
- 6 - beziers
- 7 - rotated ellipse
- 8 - polygon

## Example

```js
const sqippy = require("gulp-sqippy");

gulp.task("make-bg-placeholders", function() {
  return gulp
    .src("backgrounds/*.+(png|jpg|jpeg|gif)")
    .pipe(
      sqippy({
        primitives: 12,
        blur: 6,
        prependName: "placeholder-"
      })
    )
    .pipe(gulp.dest("backgrounds"));
});
```

Commit message:

📝️ Add "Bonus" for .txt, alpha options

readme.md, after:

# gulp-sqippy

Gulpified [`sqip`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sqip) that allows full customization of sqip's existing options, and adds a few more. It creates a new SVG file in the stream, named the same as the source (with "`.svg`" extension, of course).

**Bonus:** You can pass `type: 'svg_base64encoded'` and output a "`.txt`" file with the base64 code to inline in an `img` tag (as opposed to a file link to `".svg"`).

## Note

[`sqip`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/sqip) seems to be a work in progress, but it's a cool package that creates SVG impressions of pixel images. Find the right balance between the mode, blur and primitives count, and you get a nice, small LQIP (low quality image placeholder).

The default options below make a good placeholder image, but you could make it even smaller by reducing the primitives.

### The (optional) options are

- **appendName** - text to append to the end of the new SVG filename (string)
- **blur** - blur factor (numeric, default is `10`)
- **includeSource** - also pass the source image file through in the stream (boolean, default is false)
- **mode** - mode code (defined below, default is `5`)
- **prependName** - text to prepend to the front of the new SVG filename (string)
- **primitives** - number of primitives a.k.a. the shapes that make up the image (integer, default is `20`)
- **type** - number of primitives a.k.a. the shapes that make up the image (string, default is `final_svg`)

#### Mode specifies the base shape for primitives. The mode codes are

- 0 - combo
- 1 - triangle
- 2 - rectangle
- 3 - ellipse
- 4 - circle
- 5 - rotated rectangle
- 6 - beziers
- 7 - rotated ellipse
- 8 - polygon

## Example

```js
const sqippy = require("gulp-sqippy");

gulp.task("make-bg-placeholders", function() {
  return gulp
    .src("backgrounds/*.+(png|jpg|jpeg|gif)")
    .pipe(
      sqippy({
        primitives: 12,
        blur: 6,
        prependName: "placeholder-"
      })
    )
    .pipe(gulp.dest("backgrounds"));
});
```
